Gentle hands python (#87)
vibbits/training-material: topics/python-programming/tutorials/9_files/tutorial.md

You should find 75 lines - note that in this case, for those who know the PDB format a bit, you're finding all carbon atoms.

Alternatively, you can use the with() statement to open files. The example here above would then become:
```python
with open("data/readfile.txt") as fileHandle:
    for line in fileHandle:
        print(line)
```

> This method is often used as it results in cleaner syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method is often used as it does not require you to keep track of the open file in your mind, as well as clearer syntax.
```
